# ONDT Board Meeting 204-04-15
Attendees: Mike, Bert, Courtney, Jay, Paul
  - Agenda
    - Update on taxes, filings, and CyberGrants (Bert)
      - Taxes pretty straight forward. Same with filings. Everything documented and will be added to OneDrive.
    - Update on Microsoft apps for nonprofits (Paul)
      - We get lots of freebies
      - Will need to move our docs, everything else to here.
      - Paul will set it up and teach us what to do to setup our own accounts.
    - Update on community outreach @ BW (Paul/Courtney).
      - Going to BW on Tuesday, educate future workforce of America on data jobs.
    - Update on scheduling speakers through end of summer (Eddie/Courtney)
      - May speaker booked. June we think they are booked? need to double check. July picnic. August Ben. Erland Oct. Gee Sept.
    - Logo
      - Should we pay someone? Fiverr?
      - Bert will look into this 
    - Need to figure out email and website?
      - Need to figure this out on Microsoft nonprofit platform. Or on GitHub pages.
      - Look into migrating at next board meeting. 
    - Data Saturday venue + planning (Mike)
      - Other locations to consider: charter schools?
      - Waitlist - start now? Get sponsors soon. Is deposit refundable to any point?
      - Combine forces - data group, .NET group, python groups?
      - Charge for tickets - $25 - includes lunch. Nashville had 400 attendees + waitlist
      - What's the capacity we could do at LCCC?
        - 4 rooms + speaker rooms + grand room = $4000. This would be 200 people max capacity.
        - 8 rooms + speaker + grand room = $6400 This would be 320 people max capacity.
          - 320 people * $20 fee = $6400
      - Can run ads
      - Email blast by other groups to get people to come.
      - Catering? - LCCC - We have to use their catering. $15 boxed lunch.
      - Need to figure out ticketing. Courtney knows what they used at Nashville. - https://www.tickettailor.com/pricing/
      - "The Data Rocks Conference"
      - Nashville speakers got a free comp ticket, free lunch. If we throw a good speaker dinner party, that might be ok (maybe we have a sponsor pay for it?)

Next meeting:
  - May 20th teams 8pm
 

